[AI Partners Ecosystem] - Lettria integration (#4880)
ovh/docs: pages/platform/ai/ecosystem_01_lettria_billing_features_capabilities/guide.en-gb.md

> [!primary]
>
> The total cost of your app will include the price of the resources you have selected as well as the partner's model license price.
>

*Please bear in mind Lettria models are billed on pay-per-use. We do not offer yet pay-per-call billing.*

### Estimate the cost of a Lettria app

**How to calculate the total cost of a Lettria app?**

The total price is composed of two different parts:

- `Resources price`
- `Lettria model licencing price`

#### Resources price

The first step consists in calculating the price of an AI Deploy app according to the chosen computing resources.

*Please keep in mind we bill per second although pricing is displayed per hour HT for a more user-friendly experience.*

> [!primary]
>
> To launch your app you can choose between two types of resources: `CPU` or `GPU`. The price will therefore vary depending on the resource chosen.
>

```console
Resources price = (nb app) x (nb resources) x (nb replicas) x [ (unit price per hour HT) x (nb hour) ]
```

To learn more about the basic cost of an app launched with AI Deploy, please refer to this [documentation](/pages/platform/ai/deploy_guide_06_billing_concept).

#### Lettria model licenses price

> The second step consists in calculating the cost of one of the Lettria partner service according to the chosen resource.

Reviewer: I think at least one of the nouns here should be in plural.
```suggestion
The second step consists in calculating the cost of one of the Lettria partners services according to the chosen resource.
```

```console
Lettria model licensing price = (nb app) x (nb resources) x (nb replicas) x [ (Lettria model licensing unit price per hour for specified resource type) x (nb hour) ]
```

#### Total price

To obtain the total cost of a Lettria app started with AI Deploy, add the two amounts from the previous calculations:

```console
Total price = Resources price + Lettria model licencing price
```

![LettriaBilling](images/lettria-ai-deploy-billing.png){.thumbnail}

> [!primary]
>
> To learn more about the basic cost (resource price) of an app launched with AI Deploy, please refer to this [documentation](/pages/platform/ai/deploy_guide_06_billing_concept).
>
> Please refer to the [OVHcloud Public Cloud website](https://www.ovhcloud.com/en-gb/public-cloud/prices/) for all information about resources and partners models prices.
>

### Examples

> #### Example 1: 1 GPU app with for 10 hours then deleted

Reviewer: Looks like there is either one extra word or one missing word

> #### Example 1: 1 GPU app with for 10 hours then deleted

Author: #### Example 1: 1 GPU app for 10 hours then deleted

> #### Example 1: 1 GPU app with for 10 hours then deleted

Author: ```suggestion
#### Example 1: 1 GPU app for 10 hours then deleted
```
